When creating our application in the previous modules,
we have been talking to our DynamoDB table inside AWS.
While this is fine to run and test our application against, we'll
be using the read and write capacity that we set when creating our
table. Depending on how many tests you are running and how often,
this can increase costs.
It's also important to note that when you have a
production DynamoDB table set up,
it's unlikely that you'll want to run your tests against this table.
We would want to create another table to test against. AWS provides us
with a way to spin up a local instance of DynamoDB.
Even better,
they have provided us with the Docker image that allows us to spin up a
DynamoDB instance inside a Docker container. We'll be using this local
DynamoDB Docker instance to run our tests against.
We first need to ensure we have Docker set up, ready for us
to run our local instance of DynamoDB.
If we head along to docs.docker.com/docker‑for‑windows/install/, this page
gives us the instructions needed to download and install Docker for Windows.
Once you have downloaded and installed Docker,
you'll want to make sure it's running. Inside Command
Prompt, if we type docker ‑‑version,
you should be returned the Docker version that is installed on your computer.
This shows us that Docker is installed and running. We'll come
back to Docker and the commands that we'll be using to run our local instance of DynamoDB shortly.